bit more explicit use case for `configure` + `settings` fixture (#890)
pytest-dev/pytest-django: docs/configuring_django.rst

    def pytest_configure():
        settings.configure(DATABASES=...)

Overriding individual settings
------------------------------

> Settings can be overriden easily by using the ``settings`` fixture::
> 
>     @pytest.fixture(autouse=True)
>     def use_dummy_cache_backend(settings):
>         settings.CACHES = {
>             "default": {
>                 "BACKEND": "django.core.cache.backends.dummy.DummyCache",
>             }
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Settings can be overridden by using the :fixture:`settings` fixture::

    @pytest.fixture(autouse=True)
    def use_dummy_cache_backend(settings):
        settings.CACHES = {
            "default": {
                "BACKEND": "django.core.cache.backends.dummy.DummyCache",
            }
        }

Here `autouse=True` is used, meaning the fixture is automatically applied to all tests,
but it can also be requested individually per-test.
```
